We've met, we've met, says the house.
We've met, most joyfully, for I have come across the saltwater sea, and it's all for the sake of the east.
I could have married a king's daughter there She offered marriage to me But I have come across the saltwater sea And it's all for the sake of grief If you could have married a king's daughter there I'm sure you are to blame For I have married a past carpenter And I think he's a nice young man
Oh, won't you forsake your house, carpenter, and go along with me?
I'll take you where the grass grows green, on the banks of the sweet willy.
She took herself into a ring, and dressed in filth most gay, and spread a veil all over her face.
And yet on the glittering day, She had not been saving more than two weeks.
I'm sure it was not great, Till this fair lady set herself to eat, And to wealth most bitterly.
Are you weeping for the house carpenter?
Are you weeping for fear?
Are you weeping for three little baits?
That you left when you come with me here I'm neither a weeping for the house carpenter I'm neither a weeping for here I'm only a weeping for three little days That I left when I come with you here She had not been saving more than three weeks I'm sure it was not for
Tell this prayer lady threw herself overboard, and our morning was heard no more.
He threw himself around three times, while the darkened through the rain, a stranger, dear star, and the night almost you and I.